>>GEORGE NOORY: Welcome
to "Beyond Belief."
I'm George Noory with
our special guests
tonight, Bill Foss.
Bill is an expert on
the Akashic Records.
As a matter of fact,
his book is "How
to Read the Akashic Records."
He's an international
speaker, author, and healer.
And, Bill, welcome
to "Beyond Belief."
>>BILL FOSS: Thank you, George.
Thanks for having
me back on the show.
>>NOORY: It's
always good to have.
I had great response the
last time you were on with me
a couple of years ago.
>>FOSS: Excellent, excellent.
>>NOORY: How did you
get involved in studying
the Akashic records?
>>FOSS: That's an
interesting question.
As I started what I call my wake
program or my re-remembrance
of who I was as a soul,
when I found the records
in the studies of yoga,
Taichi, energy work, healing,
all of this and intuitive
work, also studying
the ascended
masters, ascension--
and I wanted to know
as much as possible.
And when I found the Akashic
records, it was a natural.
I started waking up into
things that I already knew.
It's as if I was studying all
of this and I already knew it.
>>NOORY: Now, there are
some people out there
that are saying, what the
heck are the Akashic records.
So explain that.
>>FOSS: The Akashic records
is an aetheric language--
it's an actual place as well
as a modern day modality--
of healing and intuitive work.
It has the imprint,
the energetic imprint
of all of your past lifetimes.
And you have a
personal book of life
that's stored in the
aetheric field of the planet,
in the Akashic records.
And you can access this
during your lifetime.
And it will give you a
deeper knowing of who you are
and why you're here.
>>NOORY: When I was a kid
going through Catholic school
and Catechism classes,
they would always
talk about "the book."
That when you died, there'd
be that review in "the book."
Is this "the book?"
>>FOSS: That's "the book."
It's also referred to in
the "Book of Revelations."
>>NOORY: Who catalogs
the things in the book?
Who puts your record in there?
>>FOSS: You do with the help
of your spirit guides and life
events.
So you're given options
during your life about--
and your response,
sometimes, your reaction,
which is more emotional, or
your response on a soul level
guides your life.
And your soul is guiding
through your body
through the journey
of your life.
And there are certain things
in the records that are set up.
Much of your life is free will.
And other things in
the records, there
are some things that are set up
as lessons or lifetime events
for you to experience, such
as marriage or learning
on some deep level
or great level.
>>NOORY: Is there any inaccuracy
about the book at all?
Or is it everything
you've done in your life?
>>FOSS: There's literally
no inaccuracy with the book
because it's--
the book is not going to have--
it's not going to be telling
a fictional story for you.
The book is literally going
to be your truest self.
So if you connect
into your records,
if you connect into your book
of life, you're going to get--
it's like looking in the mirror.
The mirror doesn't lie.
And the interesting
thing about this mirror
is it's a mirror for the soul.
And when you look into it,
you're actually able to write,
you're actually able to create,
to heal, to clear yourself,
to create a great life.
>>NOORY: Can you rewrite
it or is it what it is?
>>FOSS: It is but,
again, it is what it is.
You are who you are.
But that being said, some
of the older or simpler ways
of looking at life
and enlightenment--
some teachers would
say, well, you're
going to become enlightened.
And that's that
and there you are.
And that's the way it is.
But with the
Akashic records, you
can literally
transform yourself.
You can keep going as
far as you want to go.
>>NOORY: Can you only access the
Akashic records when you die?
>>FOSS: That's a great
question, George.
That's one of the
main reasons why
I'm sharing information
about the records
worldwide at this time.
And the records are very
important for each of us
to access.
We're all going to access it,
and go directly to our records
to the Akashic
records when we die,
when we have our
appointment with eternity.
If you access during the
middle of your life or any time
while you're in
physical human form,
you're going to be
ahead of the curve.
There is something very special
about being in human form.
We're here in this world
and we're on the other side.
After you pass, you're
just on the other side.
So you're more just
of a yin energy.
When you're here and
there, it's like a balance.
There's a certain power.
And there's a certain
magic or specialty
to being in human form.
>>NOORY: Bill, as you know,
I'm on the History Channel's
"Ancient Aliens" quite often.
And they had a segment
on the Akashic records.
>>ROBERT CLOTWORTHY: This idea
of an otherworldly repository
of cosmic information is most
commonly referred to today
as the Akashic record.
The term was coined in
1883 by author Alfred Percy
Sinnett in his book
"Esoteric Buddhism."
In it, he describes
how according
to eastern philosophy,
universal records physically
exist in the ever
pervasive realm known
as the Akasha, which
can be accessed
by enlightened individuals.
>> Akashic is a Sanskrit word.
It means "the sky."
So Akashic records can be
considered as cosmic knowledge.
So it is belonging
to the cosmos.
Everything is
written in the sky.
It's not belonging
to human beings.
You simply cannot go and bring
it in a sense a tangible form.
It's something that can be
accessed through your mind,
through your brain
power, through
your spiritual wavelength.
>> The Akashic field, it's the
immeasurable potential of all
that was, is, and will ever be.
>>NOORY: So it appears
that these records,
the Akashic records have an
influence on what you've done
but also what you might do.
>>FOSS: Yes, yes, it's literally
the past, present, and future.
So on the other side,
there's no linear time
as we know from the higher
studies in quantum physics.
Everything is more
on a quantum level.
They're literally-- when
you go into the records,
we have done things
in past lives.
And we will have future events
that we will be involved with.
And we can write--
we're writing in
that book again as we
have these future responses,
these possibilities
for future response.
When you get into
a place where you
know who you are and
the energy is streaming
through you like it's
streaming to the records,
you will literally have the
dynamic to stream energy
out along the timelines
past and future.
So while it might
not change the event,
it will bring a new
energy to the event.
And it will heal.
>>NOORY: If someone
is a bad person,
a serial killer, what
will their records look
like compared to somebody
who's lived a pretty good life?
>>FOSS: They could be quite--
they could be quite similar.
Those two people,
those two individuals
could be working on
the same lessons.
They could be-- such as love or
the specialness of human life,
learning what are all of the
parameters around life itself.
>>NOORY: Are there different
levels of the Akashic records?
>>FOSS: There sure are George?
That's one of the questions that
I run across from time to time.
There is a-- not many
people know this,
but there is a fifth
dimensional level.
>>NOORY: Explain that.
>>FOSS: The actual Akashic
records is located,
to my knowing, in
between dimensions,
in between the 10th
and the 11th dimension
and the 11th and
the 12th dimension.
The astral plane is the Grand
Central Station, if you will,
of all spirits that are
connecting with us and also
our psychic activity.
There has been--
there is a version
of the Akashic records set up
for people who want to just
be more of a novice with it.
So if somebody is
dabbling with mysticism--
maybe there are people
that are practicing magic,
and they don't really
know what they're doing.
I mean, everything has its
purpose in us waking up,
but there are some
people that aren't
quite ready to go into
those higher levels
where the Akashic
records are protected.
And if they're just
playing around,
they're going to be guided to
more of an elementary template
of the records.
>>NOORY: Does every
living being, person,
have an Akashic record?
>>FOSS: Yes, absolutely.
>>NOORY: Without a doubt?
>>FOSS: Yes.
>>NOORY: And since
they're born, they're
contributing to the record.
>>FOSS: Yes, every
single moment.
And every sin-- you and
I and every other person
on the planet, we
have a thin cord
as we know that's
connected up to heaven.
This goes directly
into our books of life.
>>NOORY: Is this your astral
cord you're talking about?
>>FOSS: Yes, yes.
>>NOORY: Which is
severed when you die?
>>FOSS: Yes, yes, so you
follow that back up--
actually you follow
that cord back up,
and you go into the records.
So when we're going--
and we mentioned astral earlier,
when you go into the records
or you travel up, we
travel past or we travel
through the astral realm.
>>NOORY: As a
living human being,
what benefit is that
to us living if we
know about the Akashic records?
>>FOSS: When you know
about the dynamic of it
understand that reincarnation
is second nature.
You understand that
you are a divine soul,
that you have the possibility
to learn, to heal,
you know yourself at the
greatest level possible
as you continue to open
and expand into this.
There are many dynamics of
the Akashic records that
are hidden that have great
opportunities for humanity
and individuals to
open their intuition,
to create the best life
possible for their selves,
and to heal others, to be
of service to the world.
>>NOORY: Now, you
talk about healing,
and, Bill, you're
a healer, do you
need to access the Akashic
records for individuals if you
attempt to heal them?
>>FOSS: I find that many
healers are, including myself,
we're accessing the Akasha
continually whether we know it
or not.
So we might-- even
in everyday life,
if we have an intuitive
thought or a vision
or sometimes dreams, we're
connected there as well.
With healers, they're actually--
anyone from a massage
therapist to an energy worker,
we're all getting
intuitive messages
about the person we're
interacting with.
And if we go in and connect
with that person's records--
and that is where were
granted permission
because that person has
come to us for healing then
we get a deep insight
about which creative level
or which direction to go in when
we're working with that person.
>>NOORY: When you die, Bill,
is there some spirit that is
looking at the records
with you that goes--
"Oh, George, back in 1972--
no, no, no."
I mean, is all in
there like that?
>>FOSS: Well, I wasn't going
to say anything George, but--
>>NOORY: You've access
my records, haven't you?
It was '73 actually.
>>FOSS: We'll talk about that.
You have guides.
I have guides.
We all have guides--
angelics, family
members, loved ones.
People that we may have even
forgotten about in our life,
and we get to the other side.
It can even be a family
member or a loved
one from a past life.
When you go to the
other side and you go,
"Oh, my gosh, there you are."
And that person,
or those guides,
will help you to transition.
It's been often said
that a childbirth can
be a traumatic experience.
Sometimes passing back
into the other side
can be traumatic for
some people because they
take their mind field and their
emotional field with them.
So your astral body goes
with you to the other side.
It's George or
Bill or anyone else
out there going to the
other side as their self
before that astral body
is finally absorbed back
into the soul field.
And you become that
celestial being again.
And then you're off
to your next journey.
>>NOORY: Have you ever
come across a situation
with the Akashic records where
the records were inaccurate,
the wrong person?
>>FOSS: No.
>>NOORY: It's always right.
>>FOSS: No, it's always right.
The closest thing that
there could be to that
is a walk in or a soul that
comes in and takes over
for an individual.
Let's say that an
individual is connected
with multiple people in a
family or a soul grouping,
and there is
something that person
has to accomplish
that's going to affect
multiple people or even one
person's life for a very
important task or mission.
Then if that person is
going to expire in some way
or be moved out of the way--
sometimes when a person goes
to try to commit suicide,
and there can be a walk in or a
celestial being, sometimes even
an alien soul,
will come in that's
divinely guided by divine
intelligence to come in
and says, we are
taking this over.
We are taking over this body.
And then there will still be--
that person still has their
memories and the body-spirit
of being that person, but
there's a new lease on life.
>>NOORY: Edgar Cayce, the late
American prophet, of course,
would tap into the
Akashic records often.
And he believed
that some of them
had to do with Atlantis,
the lost continent.
>>FOSS: Yes.
>> Probably the most astounding
historical readings Cayce gave
had to do with the
lost land of Atlantis.
>> Atlantis from Edgar Cayce's
perspective was the first great
Eden on the earth.
It predates the
Eden that we know
of between the
Tigris and Euphrates,
the Eden of Adam and Eve.
Edgar Cayce saw Atlantis
as a massive continent
in the middle of
the Atlantic Ocean.
At the time, the individuals
that populated the area
had a deep understanding of
the forces of the universe
and could actually harness
some of these powers
to use devices, such as
flying machines and crystals
and so forth.
>> But according
to the readings,
the Atlanteans abused
their power over nature.
And Atlantis disappeared
in a cataclysmic disaster
some 10,000 years ago.
>>NOORY: That is amazing
how the records would
illustrate something like that.
>>FOSS: It truly is.
>>NOORY: His ability to
tap into it was uncanny.
Do you have that same ability?
>>FOSS: I do.
And one thing that comes up for
me continually in my visions,
readings with others,
and my personal dreams
are remembrances of
being in Atlantis.
And so the structures, the
energy, the happenings--
there were some amazing things.
It was an amazing
time for humanity.
We were all connected
telepathically.
The frequencies of
the Earth were so high
at that time, the aethers, that
if we wanted to heal somebody
or to create something, you
and I would come together.
And it would just be created.
We would create through sound.
We would create
through intention.
And they had technologies
that were what they referred
to as selfic technologies.
And this is-- it
was a combination
of plants and crystals, but
they also used the elements.
They used water,
fire, aether, air.
>>NOORY: I saw a movie when
I was a kid about Atlantis.
It was a movie now.
And they had a
massive size crystal
that they used as a
weapon or something.
And they contend
that that contributed
to the sinking of the
land, something happened.
And that it's still down
on the floor of the ocean.
What do you think?
>>FOSS: They had they had
multiple crystals that
were very large in size.
We know from looking at
some of the minds that
exist today that are
deep down in the Earth,
these are amazing.
When we do the journey to
the Atlantis Akashic records
journey in the
workshops, and it's also
available on the site, there is
a master crystal for healing.
And so we go to the main
healing temple that's
at the center of
Atlantis, and we
tap into this master crystal.
And we project into it.
And it's streaming energy back
out for the purpose of healing.
>>NOORY: If you can tap
into the Akashic records,
can you determine what
happened to Atlantis?
Is it outlined that way?
>>FOSS: Yes, yes, there
are things about Atlantis
that I have found
from the records
with all of that, George,
that haven't come up
in the studies or the
writings of other researchers.
And I don't consider
myself to be a researcher.
But I am an intuitive
cosmonaut, if you will.
And as I see Atlantis they--
and this ties into some of the
origins of the Akashic records.
As we were talking
about, the energy
was so high on the planet
that the destruction literally
separated the aethers from
the Earth in a way that
caused the unification to go
into a time of separation.
Now, this is a cosmic cycle that
happens every 26,000 and 13,000
years.
26,000 being the grand rotation
around the great central sun,
and the 13,000 year
period is from unity
back to separation back to
unity back to separation,
so forth and so on.
And this will continue
up until about 6,034
when the earth becomes a star.
>>NOORY: Interesting,
now, what do you think
happened to Atlantis, Bill?
>>FOSS: They had-- as
they were using energy
and they were at the height
in the end of the unity.
>>NOORY: I mean, they
were way advanced.
>>FOSS: Oh, yeah, oh,
yeah-- much more than what
we see in most of the studies.
There was a platform
that they had.
And it was like a large mesa.
Thoth the Atlantean had talked
about the Halls of a Amenti.
and the Seven Lords of Time,
the Seven Lords of Space,
the cycles of time and space and
energy and many other realms.
They had created
what you would think
of as a holographic vortex.
When we see the Aurora
Borealis, something like that
but vortexed into like a
platform that was a large mesa.
This energy was streaming.
This was literally
creation of energy.
This was literally the
god source light energy.
So you might say that
they were playing god,
but they were creating on the
grandest level that they could.
They were all-knowing beings.
>>NOORY: Something backfired,
Bill, something happened.
>>FOSS: Yes, as this
created a great energy,
it also had portals into
other times and places.
So portals into other
times and places
started to begin opening.
And it started to cause
the timelines to collapse.
And it wasn't
necessarily meant to be.
It was their greatest creation.
And they could
literally go into this--
the high priests could literally
go into this energy and access
and just call things up on more
of a cosmic universal level.
>>NOORY: Did that contribute
to the destruction?
Something happened.
>>FOSS: Yes, as the poles were
shifting naturally anyway,
this creation tipped
the balance for them.
And when it tipped the
balance, the only thing
that they could do
at that point was
to fire more energy into this
vortex that they had created.
It was a streaming vortex with
what you might think of as gold
pearlescent colors that
literally embodied past,
present, and future--
everything that ever will be--
into a central location.
They fired more energy into
it, and it didn't work.
>>NOORY: Did Egypt have
anything to do with Atlantis?
Was there any kind
of connection there?
>>FOSS: Yes, absolutely.
>>NOORY: How so?
>>FOSS: Egypt was the survivors.
Those who were the--
it was a surviving colony.
>>NOORY: From Atlantis?
That's where they fled?
>>FOSS: Yes, that's the main--
this is the main
place they fled to.
There are remembrances
of Atlantis that are--
as far over as South
America, we find things.
Egypt was-- when Egypt happened,
when this first happened,
they had trouble
talking and thinking.
As the poles shifted
on the planet,
the mind fields of the
surviving humans were wiped out.
>>NOORY: Now, what
do you mean by that?
Wiped out?
>>FOSS: If your fields
became out of whack--
like
>>NOORY: Like a
computer breaking down?
>>FOSS: Yes, yes,
so if your fields
were altered
electromagnetically,
we're all connected
to the Earth.
And we have our chakra system.
So if your chakra system
was electromagnetically out
of whack or altered,
you would have
trouble with your orientation.
>>NOORY: So they were
walking around like zombies?
>>FOSS: Well, you
might say that.
And they were
struggling to survive.
So it took humanity back into
more of a primitive stage.
The high priests were
connecting with aliens.
Sirians, Pleiadians,
and other groups--
some say the Annunaki as
well-- had a big hand in this.
They stepped in and they
said, we're going to help you.
So they helped to
build technologies
that moved them forward.
There was some power sources
that were installed deep
in the Earth to help correct
the electromagnetic field
of the Earth.
And the great pyramids
are part of that
and other pyramids
around the world.
>>NOORY: Christopher Dunn
believes that the pyramids
are power plants.
Other people believe that
the pyramids were there
to offset earthquakes.
And if I'm reading
you correctly,
the pyramids are
there as something
to tie into the spirituality
of these Akashic records.
>>FOSS: Absolutely, yes, the
pyramids with their design,
they're actually
downloading what
we consider to be fourth
dimensional energy, which
is that of the mind.
So we have third dimension,
which is the here
and now, time-space reality.
And we have 4D in between third
dimension and fifth dimension,
which is a
consideration of mind.
So as you were saying
and Christopher
was referring to, in helping
to thwart earthquakes, yes.
So if it was helping to balance
the polarity of the planet
through the north
and the south pole
and restore that
electromagnetic field,
then it would offset earthquakes
and other happenings.
>>NOORY: Would you say
the Akashic records are
more spiritual than religious?
>>FOSS: Absolutely, yes.
There are people from all
religions around the world,
whether they're deeply led
through that religion who
just get a sense, who
just get a sense of it.
So there might be
somebody that's religious
and you might walk
up to them and start
talking about the
Akashic records,
and that person may
have or may never
have heard of the records, much
like when I found the records.
And they just have a deep
knowing on a soul level.
>>NOORY: Is there anything for
people to be afraid of here?
Could something go wrong?
>>FOSS: The only thing the
only thing that people are
really afraid of is the ego.
The ego is the small self or
the survival part mechanism
deep within us, that was
the original survival that
helped us when we were
battling man against nature,
man against man,
things like that--
survival through fear and battle
of the fittest, et cetera.
The only fear there really
is what I call conflict.
And that conflict is that
your ego can be afraid
of what you may have
done in another life
or what you're going to see.
It's like stepping out into--
it's like having those
dreams where you step out,
if you ever have, where
you're naked in a dream.
And you step out into society.
>>NOORY: I've never had one
of those kind of dreams, darn.
I've had flying dreams.
>>FOSS: Yes, a lot of us do.
>>NOORY: I've always
been told that if you're
going to advance spiritually
that you need to shed your ego
and get rid of it basically.
That the ego-- most
of us think the ego
has to do with personality
and boisterism and things
like that.
That's not the case.
>>FOSS: That's only one fraction
of what the ego wants to do.
The ego wants to be
that corporate entity,
if you will, that
manages our whole life,
manages our whole existence--
not only the body functions.
It wants to manage
your spiritual journey.
So it might say-- the ego, while
you're learning and practicing
spirituality, the
ego may be running
in the background
saying, well, I
think I need to do
that one more workshop.
And now I need to do this.
And now I need to read this.
And now I need to--
so in a way, there's a
certain constructively to it.
And yet, you don't
really need anything
to step into that
moment of enlightenment.
So it's a very soft--
it's a very soft
veil that you step
through when you move into a
higher state of enlightenment
or spirituality or knowing
yourself at a clearer level.
But the ego likes to keep
you right on this side
and keep you as if
there's more to do,
there's more that
you need to do.
>>NOORY: Bill, they talk about
quantum physics and its tie
into the Akashic record.
So let's take a look.
>> According to
theoretical physicists,
zero-point energy is an all
pervasive sea of quantum energy
waves that are invisible but
exist throughout the universe.
The fabric of space itself is
made of energy and information.
And the way this information
propagates through the universe
is through waves.
We call these quantum waves.
And so the Akashic field is
made of quantum waves that are
common to all intelligent life.
This means that
all human brains,
extraterrestrial brains, and
any sort of other worldly beings
also have the ability to
tap into these quantum
waves receiving information.
This idea of an intelligent
informational field
that we can access
with our consciousness
is not pseudoscience.
It's not superstition.
It is a basic fact
that our scientists
confirm is actually true.
>>NOORY: So if this is true,
what does that do for us?
How can we use that?
>>FOSS: The quantum
time-space reality
refers to what we also call
the Eternal Now moment.
So this is the
Eternal Now moment.
And this is the
Eternal Now moment--
and now, and so on and so forth.
It's ever streaming, ever
present, everywhere present.
And when you go into
the Akashic records--
and here's one of the
deeper hidden levels
that I found with
the Akashic records.
When you're streaming
up into the records,
the records are activating
your soul energy.
Your soul energy is part of God.
You are living, breathing--
your celestial being, that
celestial you that's
streaming through your senses
right now, that's streaming
through these senses
into this body is part of God.
And that part of you that
part of all of us is eternal.
It's the Eternal Now self
in the Eternal Now moment.
This is quantum.
>>NOORY: Where does evil
fit into any of this, Bill?
Because it seems to me
that you've got good,
you've got bad, but
where does that fit
into the Akashic
records, if at all?
>>FOSS: Yes, that's an
interesting question.
There is light and
dark in the universe.
There is light
coming from source.
And there is void energy
between the stars of space.
Light and dark can often be
confused with good and evil.
There is good and evil
here on the planet.
And there's good
and evil in space.
There is good and evil
in the higher dimensions.
And some would say, well,
both are part of creation--
>>NOORY: Always have been here.
>>FOSS: Yes, and there
are some that would say go
tend yourself towards
the light instead
of trying to draw power from
both the light and the dark.
So it takes a person
or as a being--
it takes a person in
a different direction.
When you're drawing power
from both light and dark,
it will have a
different orientation--
that power coming
through that person--
then if you stay in the light.
If you tend towards service,
if you connect with God source
light, first moment.
>>NOORY: When people
meditate, are they
tapping into their
Akashic records that way?
>>FOSS: You can, you can.
So knowing that we're all
connected to the records
all of the time.
We are naturally
inputting continually.
It's when you
consciously engage--
so, oftentimes,
people are trying
to not think when they meditate,
unless they're manifesting,
let's say, or visualizing
or trying to create a great
or healing.
Something along those lines--
sending energy to others
for healing and blessings.
But most of the
time, we're trying
to calm the mind down
because we have anywhere
from 10,000 to 60,000
thoughts per day.
So most people are--
but it's when you
consciously start to say,
OK, I'm in a
peaceful state now, I
would like to access my records.
And as you can go in
there and hold space,
even if it's just for a few
moments, it's important to ask.
Because we all have
the inalienable right
to look into our own records.
>>NOORY: At any time?
>>FOSS: At any time.
>>NOORY: What determines
what goes into those records?
>>FOSS: You do.
You do without a doubt and
your guides and your life path
that you set up
before you came here.
So let's say, George, was up in
the records in between life--
the divine being
that is now George
Noory was up in the records.
And the angels said--
the keepers of the records says,
as we look at the symbols here,
the cosmic symbols,
and your journey
is meant to be a great
purveyor of the divine,
to be a great light, and a
way-shower for many people.
And you said, yes, I want that.
I can do that.
>>NOORY: Who are the keepers
of the Akashic records?
You just mentioned
angels, are they?
>>FOSS: Angels, the
archangels-- they're
arcangelic like
creation all angels
that would be more
associated with the Elohim.
The Elohim are
high level angels.
These are creations
all energies that--
they're good, but
their orientation
is such that if you saw
one on the other side,
you would know what it is.
And most people we don't
think about creators
of the universe that created
from the mind of God, that
are directly linked to the
heart and the mind of God.
These parts of God that
operates through these beings.
Literally, also ancient
angelic presence
that may even be
considered-- that may show up
for a person as human looking,
humanoid in appearance,
or alien.
I see the keeper of the Akashic
records as a very tall being
that is streaming this
whitish-gold energy that--
it looks somewhere
between alien inhuman.
And it is just very, very
interesting, very easy
to get along with,
a wisdom keeper.
Someone you definitely
want to get to know.
>>NOORY: Based on
some of that, assuming
that extraterrestrial
life exists
in the universe on
other planetary systems.
And it's a very physical thing.
Are they to tapped into
the Akashic records,
extraterrestrials?
Do they have their own records?
>>FOSS: Every single planet,
all of the ancient alien
civilizations and their planets
of their historical place--
>>NOORY: They're
all tied into this.
>>FOSS: They all have their
own set of Akashic records.
So, for instance,
I remember being
Pleiadian in other life times.
>>NOORY: You do?
>>FOSS: Yes, and--
>>NOORY: Well, that's
another show all by itself.
>>FOSS: Yes, there were
deep levels of wisdom.
The Pleiadians are
hands down what
I would consider
to be benevolent
and helpers of humanity.
This is the one--
>>NOORY: That's why you
do what you do, maybe.
>>FOSS: That could be probably.
The Pleiadians are--
they want to help.
They can be trusted.
Some of the other races--
all alien races have
their different factions.
They're going to
have their military.
have their healers
and medical just
like our society.
And everyone thinks that
they're doing the right thing.
So they have their
own agendas, sometimes
in alignment with our
growth and sometimes not.
The Pleiadians are one society--
as souls come from other
races among the stars
to incarnate here and
have an experience,
the Pleiadians are
doing that just
for the purpose of elevating
human consciousness
and seeing us move
closer towards ascension.
>>NOORY: Are these
records ever--
if we can coin a phrase that
we use these days-- hacked?
Can they be hacked by other
groups or individuals?
Can I hack into
your Akashic record
and see what you've done?
>>FOSS: You could.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>FOSS: You could,
however, there are
going to be fail safes
setup within the records.
They're going to-- they may
show you skewed information.
So let's say if you were
going to do that, you must
be in a certain frame of
mind or have a certain agenda
to want to get into my records.
You have to have an intention--
>>NOORY: Absolutely,
it's not accidental.
I'm doing it for a reason.
>>FOSS: Sure, so if we wanted--
if we are doing so
for the highest level,
if you're acknowledging
me as your brother,
and we're all good
with each other.
And we have no conflict between
us then what's the point?
Why would you?
>>NOORY: If two people, Bill,
are in love with each other,
do their records
somehow mesh together?
>>FOSS: Yes, yes--
>>NOORY: Like
soulmates basically?
>>FOSS: So two soulmates
come together--
when a man and a woman or
two partners come together,
and their soul
energy starts to--
soul energy, it morphs.
This is the creation
energy of God.
This is sometimes
star energy or direct
from creator God for
a first moment source.
This soul energy will
start to morph together.
It will start to morph together.
>>NOORY: I can see that.
>>FOSS: Have you ever
noticed two people
that get together and
over the course of time,
they start to look
similar to each other?
>>NOORY: Sometimes.
>>FOSS: Yes,
sometimes, sometimes.
>>NOORY: Are animals
tied into any of this?
Do they have Akashic records?
>>FOSS: That's a good question.
Animals are part of the Earth.
So the Earth is--
the Akashic records are part of
the aetheric body of the Earth.
And the Earth is like
a living library.
And the earth is living itself.
>>NOORY: It's the Gaia theory.
>>FOSS: Yes, and as the Earth
is living, everything upon her
is also living.
All of the animals
are part of the group.
They all have their
group consciousness.
And this soul energy
from God, which
soon comes into
human form, sometimes
it will come through
a being that's
part of the animal kingdom.
And it starts to develop
a special personality
that we notice.
Have you ever noticed
a person's pet
sometimes, maybe
our own at times,
that there's something
about that pet that's
different than any other
dog or cat or fish?
>>NOORY: My granddaughter has
that with her a little pet dog.
She's got like a little Yorkie,
and they're inseparable.
And you can see
that when she takes
pictures of this little thing,
there's something there.
There's a connection there.
Because this dog is
looking in the camera
like a little human being.
It's uncanny.
>>FOSS: That's wonderful.
Sometimes a soul-- let's
say if two souls need
to be close to each other, and
there's no rhyme or reason--
there's like a divinely
guided chaotic synchronicity
to soulmates and a soul
group participants coming
in and out of incarnations
with each other.
So if a soul needs to be
close to another soul,
sometimes it will
come into a pet.
They can incarnate as that
pet to be with that person.
Because maybe there's some
lesson that will be learned.
Maybe there's some
energy that will
be balanced if the person
gets sick, so on and so forth.
>>NOORY: Bill, what does
ascension means to you?
>>FOSS: Ascension is literally
what we are destined for.
It is literally the highest
version that humanity,
as we know humanity,
as we know humans
to be in the here and now--
this is where we're going.
>>NOORY: Is that what Jesus did?
>>FOSS: Yes, yes as he was--
now, he was studying ancient
energy techniques such
as there was Asian Hindu
and many other cultures
that he studied in the
last years that brought him
into alignment at
such a high level
that he was able to let go.
And when he just said--
God was intending
this also through him.
Now, the other way to
do it is without pain,
without having to go through
being put on a cross basically.
When the ascended
masters, as we call them--
the ascended
masters of the light
draw the soul down into
the body so powerfully
that the astral body and the
personality of that person
goes into a suspended animation.
So it literally transforms
the DNA that's in the fields
and in the body
bringing light and light
codes into the fields
in the body, which
will hold that person
whether that person passes
to the other side at
the end of the life
or whether they do it during
their lifetime in the here
and now in the waking
state, that they can
transform into a body of light.
And it will be
that person as them
from then on at a higher
level of frequency.
>>NOORY: When we were created
as human beings, Bill,
this grand scheme of what
we are and who we are,
the Akashic records seem
to be always part of that.
How would the maker
know about this?
And why would they
create these records?
Why do we need him?
>>FOSS: We need the records
primarily so that when--
this is a very special planet.
We always think about
different alien civilizations
and alien planets as being so
much more advanced than we are.
And it's true we are
young race, and we've
got a long ways to go.
But the Earth is a very
beautiful living library.
That's why they all want to come
here and check it out and check
us out.
>>NOORY: Are we unusual?
>>FOSS: We're unusual because
we were created literally
in the image of God.
This is one thing, one
translation of the Bible
that they actually left in
that they did get right.
We are created in
the image of God.
And with this divine template
of the human form with the seven
chakras, the seven primary
chakras and the extended chakra
system under the feet, over
the head and the acupuncture,
acupressure, the meridians
that run through the body--
144,000 meridians running
through five zones
in the physical body.
The DNA that's in the fields.
The DNA in the body.
Everything that has to
do with this very, very
dynamic human form is
a very intricate form.
And other races, other
souls, and even technologies,
dare I say, want to
merge with our form.
>>NOORY: How do you use the
Akashic records for yourself?
>>FOSS: I use it in
my everyday life.
The main thing that I use it
for is my service to others.
That is more important
to me than anything.
And in doing that,
I learn a lot.
I learn a lot from the
keepers of the records.
As they're showing me--
>>NOORY: Do you
communicate with them?
>>FOSS: Yes.
As they're showing
me a person's life,
they often show me ancient
lifetimes, alien lifetimes--
>>NOORY: Other lives.
>>FOSS: Yes, other lives here.
And as they're showing
me this, I then
get to learn things about that
culture, about those times,
about how things occurred.
So it's literally like an
ongoing history lesson or one
of the greatest
artistic projects
that I've ever undertaken.
>>NOORY: By knowing how to
deal with the Akashic records,
as an individual is your
life more fulfilled?
>>FOSS: Absolutely, yes-- in
the grandest sense of the word
and an overview, yes.
There can also be
underlying currents
that are generated by the
ego that will as you expand.
And you go into
this the soul field,
you're going more into your
soul energy, expanding--
you're going to feel more
comfortable, more divinely
guided by divine intelligence.
Meanwhile, the ego
says, are you sure?
I have no control over this.
Let's bring it
back down and let's
tune it back down a notch.
And so the ego starts
through the empathic field
to pull back in.
So you're literally
expanding and contracting.
The difference is, normal peop--
for all of us in a
normal everyday life
through the series of
events, it can be sporadic--
this expansion and contraction.
When it starts to
become more rhythmic,
we know when we're expanded.
And we know how it feels
when we're contracted.
When we're in this
state of contraction,
eventually, your higher
self knows what feels best.
And you will either
move up to higher levels
or you will land somewhere
in the middle of these
where you're able
to balance more.
>>NOORY: The person
who isn't growing,
the person who is not
really tapped into this--
what is their life like?
>>FOSS: It can be painful.
It could be--
>>NOORY: Is anything going
wrong with them in their life?
>>FOSS: It's that spiral of
events and the darker energies
that want to keep a person
spiraling throughout their life
that get entangled
with the ego and just
keep somebody at a lower level.
>>NOORY: You
sometimes can tell--
you probably can-- when
you notice somebody
whose life has all
screwed up, that they're
doing something wrong.
What would be the
biggest message
that you could give
to somebody like that?
>>FOSS: Basically, just helping
the person in the moment
get in and give them
some energy or translate
some energy, some creational
or some healing energy
to that person.
And let them know that
they're not alone,
that it's OK, that
at any moment,
everything is going to be OK.
Take a deep breath, relax,
and get a reference point,
get the comfort of
another soul in human form
that understands as
we support each other.
>>NOORY: In your book, "How
to Read the Akashic Records,"
do you point out things
for people in terms of,
is it a how-to guide?
>>FOSS: Yes, this
new book is even more
of a how-to guide than
"The Journey to the Akashic
Records," which was
a 400 page book.
>>NOORY: It's as huge.
>>FOSS: It has everything
in it in two glossaries.
>>NOORY: I've got that on a
coffee table in St. Louis,
by the way.
>>FOSS: Oh, great, thank you.
>>NOORY: People thumbed through
that and everything else.
This other one is
much smaller, but it's
more practical I think.
>>FOSS: Yes, it's one
of a three book series--
beginner level,
intermediate, and advanced.
So there are going to be three
volumes where I literally take
someone through step-by-step.
So this new book,
the volume one,
is literally here's
what you need to --
sit down, get quiet, let's
take some breaths together.
Here's what's going to be
more beneficial for you
to put in your body.
Here are the things
to stay away from--
really spelling it
out for a person
and starting to talk to a person
through the book about what
they can expect.
How are those visions
going to feel?
How is the energy going to feel
when your soul is connecting up
through your senses and through
the central part of your body,
projecting up into the records?
How is that going to--
what's it going to be like?
>>NOORY: Is it difficult,
Bill, for people
to comprehend the fact that
there is a book of records
of their life?
How many people
understand that or get it?
>>FOSS: A lot more
than you would think.
I mean, a lot more than
a person would think.
Most people, when
you bring it up to--
if they haven't
heard of it, I find
that most people
that haven't heard
of it are more
inquisitive as to they
always have another question.
Well, tell me, how
does that work?
Instead of thinking, I
don't believe in that.
I honestly I don't hear
that many comments ever
about somebody saying, well,
no, I don't believe in that.
>>NOORY: You don't get that?
>>FOSS: I don't maybe every
one in several thousand people
will say, no, I
don't believe it.
You've got one life.
The devil's down there.
God's up here.
And that's all you got.
>>NOORY: How did
we originally know
that we had Akashic
records in the first place?
I mean, we saw the
video how it was coined,
the phrase was
coined, but how did
we actually know that there's
a book of records of our life?
>>FOSS: We all knew as
souls prior to incarnating.
So and you might say that in
the mind of God or in quantum
time-space reality,
this is already--
we've heard this has
already happened.
It's continuing to happen.
It will happen.
It has happened, and
it's happening now
in the Eternal Now moment.
So from that
perspective, we already
knew before we came here because
that's what we were part of--
reading those records before
we came down, before each life.
As a person coming into
human form, there are--
and I'm sure you've run
across at some point in all
of your work.
There are really amazing
stories about people,
whether they're children
around the world
or whether they're grown
ups that say, yes, I
remember every single
thing about my past lives.
>>NOORY: Can you
expunge your record
and as if something
never happened?
>>FOSS: You mean like using
the universal White-Out?
>>NOORY: Yes, exactly.
>>FOSS: You can.
It's not that yet--
let me make an
illustration with that.
So in reference
to healing, let's
say that an individual
had something
happen in said lifetime--
on all of their
lifetimes, which are
like a great wheel
of incarnations,
the soul being in the center,
and this is the reference
in the here and now.
You are here and now, and
your main reference point
is in the here and now.
Let's say this person has done
something in another life where
they're being
tortured or there's
a great sickness or
a disease or there's
something painful or
some emotional struggle,
the soul field could
have a doorway open
to that other life.
And that could be streaming
through you in the here and now
and causing difficulties in
your everyday life here now.
This is an invisible
thing where people
are doing the healing work.
They're trying to get ahead.
Everything that they're
trying and nothing has worked.
When you've tried all
of these things in life
and nothing else seems to
work, then go to the records.
>>NOORY: Can something evil
put something in your records?
Where you would say,
"I didn't do that.
That's not me."
But it's there.
>>FOSS: They try to put
obstacles in your way that are
along the way in
other dimensions--
so in the astral
dimension-- that
can translate into
physical reality.
They try to manipulate
people and situations
to cause maybe a separation
or breakdown within a person.
We can supersede that.
We can always transcend that.
They can't put it
into our records.
That's not allowed.
>>NOORY: Bill, thanks for
being on "Beyond belief."
>>FOSS: Thank you, George.
It's a pleasure to be
here with you again.
>>NOORY: Bill's work.
It's called "How to Read
the Akashic Records,"
Which is literally
your life in a book.
I'm George Noory and thanks
for watching "Beyond Belief."